feat(js): Add Documentation for Sentry Astro SDK (#8267)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/astro/manual-setup.mdx

    new BrowserTracing({
      tracePropagationTargets: [/\//, "my-api-domain.com"],
    }),
  ],
  tracesSampler: (samplingContext) => {
    if (samplingContext.transactionContext.name === "/home") {
      return 0.5;
    }
    return 0.1;
  },
});
```

### Server Side

Here's an example of a custom server-side SDK setup:

```javascript {filename:sentry.server.config.js}
import * as sentry from "@sentry/astro";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  tracesSampler: (samplingContext) => {
    if (samplingContext.transactionContext.name === "/home") {
      return 0.5;
    }
    return 0.1;
  },
  beforeSend: (event) => {
    console.log("before send", event);
    return event;
  },
});
```

### Changing config files location

If you want to change the location of your `sentry.(client|server).config.js` files, specify the path to the files in the Sentry Astro integration options in your `astro.config.mjs`:

```javascript {filename:astro.config.mjs}
export default defineConfig({
  // Rest of your Astro project config
  integrations: [
    sentryAstro({
      clientInitPath: ".config/sentryClientInit.js",
      serverInitPath: ".config/sentryServerInit.js",
    }),
  ],
});
```

> ## Configure Source Maps Upload

Reviewer: Wondering if this content should go in the /platforms/javascript/guides/astro/sourcemaps/ section?

Author: Good point. I initially out it into manual setup because that's how we do it in Next and Sveltekit but I agree that it rather belongs to the source maps page. I moved it there and also addressed your concerns about Vite plugin vs. Astro integration/plugin.

> You can specify a few options to configure source maps upload for your production builds. Generally, this should work if you followed the [Astro CLI installation guide](../#add-readable-stack-traces-to-errors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source maps upload should work if you followed the [Astro CLI installation guide](/platforms/javascript/guides/astro/#add-readable-stack-traces-to-errors). However, there are some options to configure source maps upload for your production builds for other configurations.
```

Note that source maps upload only works if an auth token is specified.

> ### Working with old authentication tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Working With Old Authentication Tokens
```

> If you're not using our new [organization-scoped auth tokens](/product/accounts/auth-tokens/#organization-auth-tokens) yet, you need to additionally specify your `org` slug in your `sourceMapsUploadOptions`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source maps work best with [organization-scoped auth tokens](/product/accounts/auth-tokens/#organization-auth-tokens). If you are using a different type of Sentry auth token, you'll need to additionally specify your `org` slug in your `sourceMapsUploadOptions`:
```

```javascript {filename:astro.config.mjs}
export default defineConfig({
  integrations: [
    sentryAstro({
      // rest of your sentry options
      sourceMapsUploadOptions: {
        project: "___PROJECT_SLUG___",
        org: "___ORG_SLUG___",
        authToken: process.env.SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN,
      },
    }),
  ],
});
```

### Disable Source Maps Upload

> You can disable automatic source maps upload in your Vite config:

Reviewer: Wasn't sure if this was just a copy/paste typo? Or does Astro refer to this file as your Vite config?

```suggestion
You can disable automatic source maps upload in your Astro config:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable automatic source maps upload in Astro's Vite config:
```

Author: Copy/paste, Astro config is correct. Good catch, thanks!

```javascript {filename:astro.config.mjs}
export default defineConfig({
  integrations: [
    sentryAstro({

>       // rest of your sentry options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Other Sentry options
```

      sourceMapsUploadOptions: {
        enabled: false,
      },
    }),
  ],
});
```

### Disabeling Telemetry Data Collection

> By default, our Vite plugin collects telemetry data to help us improve the source map uploading experience.

Reviewer: ?

```suggestion
By default, our Astro plugin collects telemetry data to help us improve the source map uploading experience.
```

Author: Hmm this is tricky, it's actually our Vite plugin but users probably don't know this because it's used under the hood by our Astro integration. However, saying that the Astro integration is collecting telemetry is way too broad, given that it handles more than just source maps. I'll think about how to reword this.

> Read more about this in our [Vite plugin documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/vite-plugin#telemetry).

Reviewer: Is this a typo? Or do we want this link because the Vite plugin is used under the hood? If so, let's note that here.

```suggestion
Read more about this in our [Astro plugin documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/astro-plugin#telemetry).
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Astro SDK uses the Sentry Vite Plugin to upload source maps. Read more about this in our [Vite plugin documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/vite-plugin#telemetry).
```

Author: Oh I see, this goes on. I think I'll stick with Vite plugin but add a sentence on top that the Sentry Astro integration adds a Vite plugin under the hood for source maps upload.
